one last belated hss quote: "i want to be your dad" -as
"my brother's a savage. yesterday he got drunk and hoverboarded home" -mvw
"why do you think little caesar's mascot is depicted as a white male" - ai
"i'm a snake for a justice. a vigilante snake!" -as
"i was short and thicc as shit" -ws
"i just got played by the united states department of education" -as
"be original. you don't want to be generic MBA debater #6" -vk
"wait [as] for your birthday we should just stick a candle in a hot chick -ac
"i want my splooge" -mvw
"debates aren't bread"-vk
"i don't say the n word. instead i say doge" -ws
"[ab] don't be annoying or you get your privilege revoked" -bb
"chex mix knows that brian has a chin hair?" -ac
"you're about to have the best hot chick of your life" -ai
"this is a microaggression...but a little bit smaller. a nanoaggresion" -aj
we love u !!!! go eags
"you're not eating toilet paper anyway so it doesn't matter if it has milk or cheese in it" -mvw
"we are toast. it is going to melt the human species like a wax museum on fire." -aj
"when i was little, i was pudgy. now i'm older i'm a only a little pudgy—and taller" -ws
"racism is so good" -as
aaaaand the start of a new one!!!
HSS 2017 starts today. the end of an era/generation... #RIPOGHSSQUOTES
"if atul was a tool what tool would atul be" -bb
#woodwardkidthoughts
"tbh im so excited for hillary to be president" -kc
hss quotes misses u too :(((
daily update..............i miss camp...................
"this was the best seven weeks of my life. jk, the best seven weeks of my life was when I was in the womb" - rd
"[hw] you should grow up" -rt
"Sometimes I end 2nc cx early bc I start to look like a fool" -mw
"lakers like 'we stay catching L's'"-em
"is kavya the girl with the broken smile?" -cm
"i am moisturized and ready to party" -kc
"that tree looks dilapitated" -wr "no. all tress are good" -kc
"maddie" - wr
"i'm not a memer" -js
"let's go to our secret play land?" -aj
"i just don't agree with that" -jlb
"im a big fan of senator ted cruz" -as
"no one has ever seen the moon" -rt
"[ak] definitely wants to be a basic bitch" -ac
"this nail polish can dance better than me" -mw
"remember Madison pettis? that's the story" -mw
-jp
"love me some ganja" -as
" i was confused for a sec b/c i thought yall were talking about tinder swipes like i didnt get how they could be traded" -aa
my mistake - i forgot -kc
r3m3mb3r 7h3 gr3a7 dr3zn3r 13c7ur3 of 7-29-2016
"theres not even time to tweet during this lecture its too fast" -kc
"once i had four advil it was a crazy time" -ac
"this is how i got hooked on speed" -aa
"have you ever smoked a weed" -as
"this sautéed cabbage is wild"
"Im a big fan of the meat only" -aa
"im into foot stuff, but only with my parents" - wp
"im wearing the hood bc it makes me feel cool i feel like bill clinton when he wears sunglasses" -kc
"i love putting on hoodies i feel like im coming through the womb again its like being reborn" -kc
"it takes two to tango" -cm "close but no tomato" -cm
"jesus turned water into wine, he certainly could give a 1ar on condo" -bb
"my stomach is stirring like a pot of stew" -kc
"i love old white men" -kc
"i'm not white or republican" -mw
"what's your opinion on naps" -rt
"who are you, farmer mcgee? trying to plow the fields?" -df
"does anyone have brown eyeliner I accidentally shaved off some of my eyebrow" -mw
"raam sits naked on my chair" -as "...do you have any gum" -kc
"i feel like too many white girls are on crack" -rd
"im totally gonna make my kids massage me" -aa
"so would you kill all the babies" -jp "i struggle with that question..." -rt
"im breaking down the patriarchy by cat calling men" -as
"just like a pumpkin spice latte...it doesn't exist" -js
"[as] just googled how to consume cocaine" -kc
"its not like youre smoking more cocaine" -zv
"its not cool to be unclear" - jp
"oh yeah beyonce... i've heard of her...." -kc
"i was really into the gender binary as a kid" - mw
"oh, i forgot you're all unethical" -bb
"terrell? do they name their dicks or something?" -anon
"hes like christian grey but without the money for the equipment" -jl
"[x] is like jizz- white and annoying" -rd
"we should accede the us to china, like give back the land, but china style" -zv
"harder and faster is the same thing" -msu HC
"you gotta cut them all" -jp
"we're clubbing them like baby seals on this DA" - jp
"JP is champagne papi" - jl/cm
"i hope this doesnt appear in my living room beacuse these are not effective framing issues" -jp
"just get some bread your poor person"
1:35 am - "if you like something so much why don't you marry it"
"your mom is a problematic room" -aj
"that card doesn't say anything about broccoli, or is it just me" -df
"im really tired, I think the alcohol in my pasta is getting to me" -kc
"i learned a new vocabulary word - darty, or day party" -as
"ive known a lot of dicks in my life" -mw
"it doesn't matter if you have a bitch if you're in a ditch" -as
"my family wasn't rich enough to own slaves" -th
"qpqs dont happen all the time, neither does unconditional" -anon
"you want the full thrust, you don't want me holding back" -rd
"whole milk makes me feel like I'm drinking from the cow" -kc
"i can't send my meme response" -mw
"can I have a frito? i wanna make [es] snort it" -bk
"put a frito on his seat and see how he reacts" -ws
"i've never done a threesome in the literal sense" -as
"im from deep in the cut" -js
"how do you have sex if you're a mermaid?" -jw
"that was such a wholesome meme" -kc
"i feel like I'm at the mercy of nature" -kc
"YES daddy made ribs" -mw
"metaphors are NOT links" -jp
"i feel better looking down on everyone" -js
"that's because raam is daddy" -as
"harambe died so we could be saved" -js
"wait you got dropped into a gorilla pit?" -df
"i would be dtf with lobster rolls" -mw
"you know your food is good when you start crying" -kc
"i can find my own weed, I live in California" -bk
"i like memes" -ac
"do you ever feel that baudrillard is just true" -jw
"i think I have lint in my belly button" -rd
"are you an espionage?" -cm
"ill show you pictures of us at the beach" -bk
"jake gallant is daddy" -as
"the bookstore is closed." "for realz?" -as
"i think I would have a good time at a rave" -kc
this just in: anon used to say the n word all the time, they thought it meant "pal"
"i can pick out the jews" -aa
"you know it's coming before it comes out" -sr
"repko is daddy" -jl
"i was scratching the air" -da
"i was trying to make a joke about abortion" -mw
"this folk song is lit" -kc
"can you walk up to him and ask him if he would fuck me hard" -sr
